speaks guys are welcome to the 18th
episode of the series the goalkeeper you learn
Let's start at the speed of light.
with that goal and the ramires beating
almost in the drawer after giving the
lulécio 360 looks only personal that simple
I emphasize how this dribble is easy to
do
and it looks is easy to apply the opponent
came straight to that dribble and always goes
move
It's about 45 degrees to your
right to your left in the
Number 7 dribbles for you to learn
making a beautiful goal like this.
ramires the next goal, look, I'm ronaldo
shop that the robot hit placed in the
cute goalkeeper drawer lo
Look, everyone, the defender came to me.
scoring there I read dry wanting to steal the
But I played ronaldo there.
shopping holding my ls towards direction
The company had green as you can see
the screen and softly the karsiyaka tur in the
and then I sent it in the drawer
there to do a great shot with Robinho
also tutorial number 8 and this one me
those who in an elkeson goal as is
that they thin
look at the guys this classic situation
you apply a kiss note that the defender
the defender is racing towards the
bottom line and then I'll cut it
to the middle in that spinnaker spiritist
in the # 19 tutorial of the total
that the crowd glacier and the
elkeson next oil jackson and again
look just personal plus an example of
application and lec 360 looks only at
defender is marking is taking place in
newspaper is that I did go out to the range
Another diagonal exit to my right.
leaving the defender in longing and then
of gold got his ass sitting on the
floor and then gives a cart on a ball
in the drawer a pump with a jacques
great goal
Let's go the last goal now to not before
replay right
in this beautiful goal in slow motion to
You appreciate the guy there with
technicians santana everybody stayed in the
longing the goalkeeper also failed
catch the angle kick
the last goal looks that painting my god
the sky than steel that tie there
Guys I used the flick the flick for
to make that goal I simply stayed the
my rs is in the tutorial of number 13
defender came and I sent a little hat
beautiful with the click in the direction is still
beta blueberry there and look, I just asked for the first one
of three fingers in the angle and ego 's eye
Worth seeing again
This is it people we stayed here in this
video I hope you like it
Do not forget to give your little sister and
favoritar to help in spreading the
channel
a big hug to all and kiske lion
to the next